grant long at the Integris health
Thunder training development center now
joined by Hasheem Thabeet azim we're in
the midst of the preseason about halfway
through it right now and normally
preseason is used to work on new things
talk to me about what you've been able
to bring into this camp that you're
working on Breanna's you read the
intensity physicality you know we the
whole seven was spent over here trying
to you know work in the area that I
wasn't doing as much last year I gotta
be away and I keep all the time and you
know those are the things we've been
going through what about your offense I
know that you have a premium shot
blocker in the NBA you also have a nice
touch around the basket as far as your
offense is concerned what have you been
working on that we're going to see this
season a lot of screening rolls a lot of
early posters
you know we they already have guys I
couldn't put 30 points every night so
you know my my probe the way I'm going
to play you know my role is just you
know whenever you get the ball you know
try to make the most of it installed
some only you know coach Tony you don't
really need you scoring a lot but you
know we're gonna need you to just go
when the ball comes to your hands talk
to me about the competition at your
position there's a lot of guys now
playing that Center physician and even
the power forward position how do you go
about competing but yet your teammates
and you're encouraging your teammates as
well is that a delicate balance I'm
definitely definitely you know we have
guys you know been in the league for
years you know I talked to Derek I
talked to Nick in Perth they tell me you
know do what you do you know which is a
rebound and bloodshot and bring that you
know the intensity in the game and you
know
that's the you know worrying about other
players you know that that's not me
come over here do what the coaches asked
me to do what my teammates and you know
just trying to do as much as they can to
help my team win well the Denver Nuggets
on the docket tonight you guys are
having a chance to play at Chesapeake
Energy Arena for the first time this
preseason what are you expecting from
the crowd what are you expecting from
this game tonight I'm excited man you
know it's almost time for us to get
started again and you know I know that
the funds name of this let us down so
you know you're excited and you know
don't go over there and try to get this
win for them how do you go about
preparing for a team that you haven't
seen they've got some new guys I've got
a new coach how do you go about
preparing for this game just do what you
do the only other way that you do you
know we know we can you know like people
we know we can defense leave too often
so you know you just gotta come out you
know with the with an awareness there
you know the team is different and we
just gotta come out and play coach is
trying to find minutes for everybody
during the preseason sometimes you don't
know if you're going to play this night
or the next night how do you prepare for
that knowing if you don't know if you're
going to play whether or not you gotta
be ready at all the time you don't know
when the name is gonna get called and
you know we especially with this team we
have so many great talented young guys
and you know you never know when your
name is gonna be tall so you know you
gotta be ready all the time I tell their
guys he's gonna be in the game when
you're not in the game and that's that
makes you you know be ready when your
name is called so great point got to be
in the game even when you're not in the
game for my guest ashamed to beat I'm
grant long and this is thunder
basketball